hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the showcase of shock and wall a new
wizard bill in Reaper of souls first
let's talk about what makes this bill go
wall this new legendary one of wall
removes the cooldown of explosive blasts
you no longer have to rely on critical
mass to lower the cooldown of it making
incredible for DPS now let's see why and
how is shock due to the fact as frost
nova is now on such a long cooldown when
you still switch to paralysis for our
crowd control lighting spells have a
twenty percent chance of stunning all
targets for our all targets here for 1.5
seconds we start off with living
lightning lightning damage magic weapon
Electrify also lightning damage then
supermassive black hole round up the
bill was prismatic armor for the extra
defense and tankiness for higher torment
levels explosive blasts chain reaction
for the massive dps and teleport
wormhole for the extra mobility the new
passive skills are unwavering will which
greatly increase your defense and damage
whenever you stand still for two seconds
which happens quite a bit due to the
fact that we're going to be standing
still and casting a melee range audacity
which deals twenty percent more damage
to enemies was in 15 yards and finally
dominance which every time you kill
enemy grants the 27,000 damage shield
stacking up to 10 times so at maximum
stacks this will grin you a 270 k damage
shield and each time you kill additional
monster they'll refresh the complete 10
stacks with making you extremely tanky
and this is the basically the
replacement to
diamond skin now let's take this bill
first spin I'll do a simple bounty real
quick
so it looks like first we stuff it
starts things off with a supermassive
black hole to pull them together and
then we stunned them was living
lightning cracking uh paralysis / cece
and the bounty is kill 15 monsters on
this level and this ghastly target which
will pop up whenever we close so as you
can see we can stand still get our bonus
from the front wavering and for the most
part you have things stunned not as good
as critical mass freezing but it's
enough to keep things under control in
your favor
once again the supermassive black hole
also stunts because it is lightning
damage one thing that's an advantage
over critical mass is that you don't
need to rely on casting whirlwind first
before you can start using explosive
less so you can actually as soon as you
see a bunch of monsters up ahead you can
start spamming explosive blasts as you
approach them oh and here's our bounty
it's coming right around the corner
first I'll kill these little things in
the way put them to their place
yeah he is
as you can see there's not too much of
an issue on our Kim power
and then goes to the bounty and we have
been rewarded greatly
alright
final thing I want to talk about is the
items that make the bill even better I
want to talk about cinder coats sender
coat the new one adds fire scale damaged
by fifteen to twenty percent and it also
has a special effect that reduced the
resource costs of fire skills by thirty
percent this greatly helps explosive
blast because chain reaction is not fire
damage so this actually lowers the cost
of this spell to 13 arcane power as you
can see each cast takes about thirteen
arcane power as opposed to 20 then you
need one piece of a park if you have
cinder coat which I have on the Hat this
is nothing to write home about but it's
an a pocket wizard hat and you also need
two pieces of a pop if you don't have
the cinder cool and that about does it
the rest of them stuff is pretty
standard it's not ask reliant on crit as
before but where does that a lot of
damage so it's recommended free to have
a lot of it thank you for watching this
shell case for more Reaper of souls
content please subscribe to our channel
and share it with your friends